Meeting with Rush Enterprises
Daniel - Director of IT
Matthias - Software stack
Jason Fransella - 

How is Rush using Twilio today?

Consistent Experience
Pre-canned messages in the notes
Text, email (Twilio today)
They have built out a quick note for their customer
Matias-at the beginning of this experience.

CRM Focus - Get lead, quote, get invoice
Data missing - post engagement survey
SAP is collecting data about interaction and CRM does not have access to this data

SFDC is temp until moved into dynamics
Jason - Get Dynamics “360º hub” for omni-channel communications
Multiple places to communicate to the customer

Service Connect (Service app) - data about the interaction stored in snowflake. 

Sales and transactions are in SAP

Challenges with identifying a customer. Multiple sources of data today.
Want to have data in 1 place to understand customer interaction.

Each branch has their own call centers

Parts Delivery is another service they offer. They feel that they have a handle on this alone. “Because it is automated and put the customer in control of opting in/out”

Want to see the entire customer preferences. Opt-in/out at point of sale changes.

40% of the customer base is large customers
30% Midsize where the customer is a smaller fleet
30% that would be owner/operators

Teams for Voice
Call Queues are through five9s
Just to the parts counter - Teams

Rush Care Team - Surveys are used to measure customer interaction (Customer Satisfaction)
Do you record / Transcribe 
They do not transcribe.

They have been encouraged to provide self service. 
Analyze calls for sentiment and use this sentiment for driving experience.

Steve, Dan - What is their experience with five9s. Availability (promise 3-9s). Service App is not used in five9s with Dynamics. They have just a phone interface on the dynamics screen.

Dynamics is their preferred single point of data.

Identity when people call in. Daniel suggested that they could prompt for identity. But we should talk through how to silent auth?

Finance - Talk through what others have challenges in and how we can help.

Call Center - Parts
Rush Care - Concierge - Corporate Driven.
Mobile Techs - Tech for a day, tech repairs not so much road-side repair.


Customer downtime is the goal “Dwell” - how much time the vehicle is in the shop.
“Service Connect application - Communication to the customer”
Azure is their preference